Create Optional Dependencies (#3044)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: CHANGELOG.md

# [Unreleased](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/)

> ## Bug fixes
> 
> ## Features
> 
> ## Optimizations
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Breaking changes

> - PyBaMM now has optional dependencies that can be installed with `pip install pybamm[option]` e.g. `pybamm[dev]` ([#3044](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/3044))

Reviewer: To make it a bit more clear to the users
```suggestion
- PyBaMM now has optional dependencies that can be installed with the pattern `pip install pybamm[option]` e.g. `pybamm[plot]` ([#3044](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/3044))
```

# [Unreleased](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/)

## Bug fixes

## Features

## Optimizations

## Bug fixes

## Breaking changes

- PyBaMM now has optional dependencies that can be installed with `pip install pybamm[option]` e.g. `pybamm[dev]` ([#3044](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/3044))

# [v23.5](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/tree/v23.5) - 2023-05-31

## Bug fixes

> - Realign 'count' increment in CasadiSolver._integrate() ([#2986](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/2986))

Author: My bad, Sorry for that. Fixed it.

## Breaking changes

- Deprecate functionality to load parameter set from a csv file. Parameter sets must now be provided as python dictionaries ([#2959](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/2959))

> - PyBaMM now has optional dependencies that can be installed with `pip install pybamm[option]` e.g. `pybamm[dev]` ([#3044](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/3044))

Reviewer: This would have to go to the unreleased section.

Reviewer: I think you ended up creating duplicate entries.

Author: Yep 😅, fixed that.
